API.md, before:

#vidi's API

###constructor
```ts
new Vidi(nativeVideoEl?: HTMLVideoElement)
```
Returns a new vidi instance that can manage a single `<video>` element.
The instance is also an [EventEmitter3](https://github.com/primus/eventemitter3), which allows subscribing to a normalized set of video events.

`nativeVideoEl` is an optional paramaters which sets the currently managed `<video>`.
Same as not passing a value and later calling [setVideoElement()](#setVideoElement).

###setVideoElement
```ts
setVideoElement(nativeVideoEl: HTMLVideoElement)
```
Sets the currently managed `<video>` element.
If a previous element is already set, vidi will detach from it.
If a `src` is already set, it will be loaded in the new element. 

###getVideoElement
```ts
getVideoElement(): HTMLVideoElement
```
Returns the currently managed `<video>` element.

###src getter()
```ts
get src(): MediaSource
```
Returns the current src.

###src setter() 
```ts
set src(src: MediaSource): void
```
Sets a new src. If a `<video>` element is already attached, this will stop current playback and load the new src.

*TypeScript not: `MediaSource` is a type alias for `any`.*

Commit message:

Add play() and pause() documentation

API.md, after:

#vidi's API

###constructor
```ts
class Vidi(nativeVideoEl?: HTMLVideoElement)
```
Returns a new vidi instance that can manage a single `<video>` element.
The instance is also an [EventEmitter3](https://github.com/primus/eventemitter3), which allows subscribing to a normalized set of video events.

`nativeVideoEl` is an optional paramaters which sets the currently managed `<video>`.
Same as not passing a value and later calling [setVideoElement()](#setVideoElement).

###setVideoElement
```ts
setVideoElement(nativeVideoEl: HTMLVideoElement)
```
Sets the currently managed `<video>` element.
If a previous element is already set, vidi will detach from it.
If a `src` is already set, it will be loaded in the new element. 

###getVideoElement
```ts
getVideoElement(): HTMLVideoElement
```
Returns the currently managed `<video>` element.

###src getter()
```ts
get src(): MediaSource
```
Returns the current src.

###src setter() 
```ts
set src(src: MediaSource): void
```
Sets a new src. If a `<video>` element is already attached, this will stop current playback and load the new src.

*TypeScript not: `MediaSource` is a type alias for `any`.* 

####play() 
```ts
play(): void
```
Same as calling the native `play()` method on the attached `<video>` node,
but also handles exceptions and Promise rejections (depending on the browser),
and exposes them via the `error` event.

####pause() 
```ts
pause(): void
```
Same as calling the native `pause()` method on the attached `<video>` node,
but also handles exceptions and Promise rejections (depending on the browser),
and exposes them via the `error` event.
